Oh wow, there's already that.
Well, good evening family.
Thank you for joining us.
That number shot up fast, so you all had your notifications on.
Thank you.
We'll get right started and go over some of the things that the Lord showed us last time in prayer, what we'll be praying for this evening, and some of the things that I believe are on my heart right now.
Braden made that short little clip of all the Cuba things the Lord had showed me over the last two and a half years.
I didn't realize that the Lord had spoken to us over 80 times to watch Cuba—over 80 times.
Braden didn't put them all on there because I told him I felt in my spirit to go through all the Cuba and the Venezuela and really go through it really close and look through everything to see if we're missing anything and what we've brought out to the people, because it's all buried.
There are so many videos; everything's buried.
So I said, 'Go through it,' and it took him days to do that.
Last night he was tired, and I told him, 'Well, you worked so hard doing that, we won't do a live stream.
I'll upload that video and they can have that for today.
' So, that was interesting.
Braden said it was 80 different videos of different times the Lord had spoken about it.
I thought it was pretty interesting.
It's a hot topic, in other words.
Usually, when the Lord brings up something that many times, it's a major prayer topic.
In fact, I don't think there's any time that he's ever brought up something 80 times; I was shocked myself.
So, let's go over what we saw last video, what the Lord showed us.
He showed us great corruption in other major states other than Minnesota.
He said to us that there was major corruption in Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and California.
I saw California, Pennsylvania, and Boston, Massachusetts—a city—but the Lord brought up Fetterman and he said corruption.
I was looking, just like what we saw about Minnesota; the Lord said there was a deeper level of corruption in these other states: Las Vegas, Ohio, Boston, and Fetterman.
And then as we were praying, this jacket's getting on my nerves.
He saw a baby snake.
I was trying to blend in with the background.
It kind of looks good with what he's been working on.
That's prophetic; the Lord showed that to me in a vision and Braden created it.
All of the things that the Lord has been showing us through the last two years, he's putting it on there and he made it out of AI.
He's going to add more things to it as we talk just for fun.
The Lord's into having fun, too.
I thought it was interesting because as I was praying, he said, 'Do this for fun.
Create this.
' So Braden is making it.
You can see the catfish and President Trump's boat for the economy.
You can see the pig with lipstick on; he's trying to keep it from going over.
You see the new Watergate 2028's coming with Elon Musk and JD Vance.
Jerome Powell is looking for a job in 2026.
Weather manipulation in the back with the tornado.
Putin using a weapon that we've never seen before back there—it looks like a nuclear blast, but it's not.
Kim Jong-un has the USSR rocket coming down the Mississippi River.
Black Swan event with Emmanuel Macron concerning the Olympics and Paris; he's on the black swan riding it.
And then we have Pinocchio down there, Zelensky with his money all around him, and he has a big nose because he's a liar.
We have the Olympic skiers going down and the Kremlin with the Tomahawk missiles hitting it.
Paris is on fire and then the rats with the plague are coming and getting injected.
Do you see the rats down there with the red eyes?
There's a submarine in the back headed to Cuba for Russia to go aside with Cuba in the days ahead.
He's on the edge of Niagara Falls, about ready to go over, trying to sustain the economy of the United States of America.
He's just having fun; we did our own little thing.
He laughs at it because he just keeps playing with it, so he's going to add more stuff as we're talking.
You can watch it and see the things that he's going to add that the Lord showed us in a vision.
This actually came out of my spirit; everything that's on here came out of a vision out of prayer today.
He said, 'Daddy, this is why I saw it.
You've got to make it like that.
' So he has the list of things that he's going to add to it here in a minute.
I saw the judges and the Lord showed me Kim Clement's face, referring to the prophetic word that he said there would be Supreme Court judges that would step down in the days ahead.
I know that's a touchy word for some, but I saw two faces—two major men—when I was looking in the spirit, and then I saw Kim's face.
I don't want to add to or take away from anything, but I remember the word Braden played of Kim saying that there would be two Supreme Court judges removed in the days ahead.
I'm just telling you all, I saw two judges: the African-American judge and the one put in by Ronald Reagan, I believe, and then the other one was put in by George W.
Bush.
Kim saw this.
And I think this is interesting because right after I was shown the judges, I saw blessing.
So I was praying into the prosperity and the blessing.
Now, I'm going to go over some things of what the Lord warned me about today.
Can you play that, son?
I tried to reach out to Donné, but I guess she's really busy.
I wanted to ask her more about this, what her daddy saw.
Maybe she doesn't know, but she only knows about what she saw on the video, just like us.
But here you go.
So, like I said, I don't add to or take away from anything, but I do think it's interesting that Prophet Kim Clement saw two judges in the Supreme Court and the Lord showed me this man right here, John Roberts.
I saw the African-American man—I don't remember his name—John Roberts, and then the other one.
Yes, I saw both of their faces.
Now, I don't know why I saw their faces, but I saw Kim's face right after that.
If you just keep praying into it, I'm pretty sure in my mind the Lord is saying this is what he's saying.
But I don't want to assume anything; I'm just human just like you all are.
But I just thought it was interesting.
I saw Kim's face and I saw these two judges' faces, and it wasn't three judges; it wasn't four.
It was two.
I thought, 'What's that all about?
' As we were talking about Fetterman, we were talking about corruption in major states.
Now, I realize that they're two conservative judges, and it would be the enemy's strategic plan to get liberal judges in the United States of America to go against the Constitution, whatever they could do to try to deter our laws.
I want as many conservative judges as we can have, even more conservative than these two men are.
So, I don't know.
I just thought it was interesting.
Is it an attack against these two men to pray for them?
I believe so because they're conservative compared to the other ones that are in there, especially the Democratic ones that were appointed by Obama and Biden.
So, I don't know, very interesting to me.
The other part was praying over what else I see.
I saw coiled-up snakes that were small snakes, and the small snakes were coming out of the states that were blue.
The blue snakes were coming up, but they were little bitty snakes.
I thought it was very interesting because it's symbolic of something.
Do you remember I saw the bumblebees coming up for Omar?
I saw the red, black, and yellow bumblebees that were not little bees.
They were like queen bees, and they were all coming up out of the ground and they started to swarm her head and sting her.
And the Lord said, 'I'm removing her.
' Does anybody remember that?
I said her days are numbered.
That was clear back before the drama started, back in November.
The Lord showed us that, and then I saw Mike Lindell's face.
Well, that same week, he announced he's running for governor.
Then, in the last video, the Lord showed us to pray for General Flynn for a major voice in the midterm elections.
I saw again 'impeach, impeach, impeach' by Schumer and the Democratic party in the days ahead.
They will—and this is how important it is for the Christian people to rise up and pray for our nation even more in the next 11 months—to pray for the midterm elections because we must win.
If we do not, we have an opportunity to see not only President Trump removed, but it will be a very, very serious time for impeachment and all the things they would try to do.
Now, they have to have both sides, the House and the Senate, to do this.
I saw the Senate was in trouble.
The House in the vision remained under Republican control, but the Senate flipped blue.
I told you that back last August.
I told you I saw this in a vision last August.
It was last summer.
I said the elections that are coming up, it's so important that you pray because I'm seeing it flipping blue in the Senate in 2026, and it will be a stalemate government.
But we must have both sides through prayer to get the job done because there's much more work that needs to be done.
And the Lord put it on my heart so strong today, even more, to pray for this nation, to pray for President Trump to finish what he has started to do for the end-time move for the banking structure to bring forth digital assets for this wave of financial blessing that I saw that was a thin layer of blessing.
You could see crypto, gold, silver, housing, and certain cryptos.
The wave was shallow, but as it went to the ground, it brought a thin layer of gold that was upon the ground of the United States of America.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, fill your pockets full, for it won't last long.
' I saw the wave of the blessing, but it was only for a short-lived time to get the money around for the great outpouring that's about to take place on this planet.
That's what I saw was a major blessing.
Kim just spoke about it, that there would be fountains of wealth come from Zion.
I believe that's what he said; the wealth is coming from Zion.
Well, then we see today that Putin is trying to bring his oil tanker out of Venezuela and the United States stopped it.
This goes alongside, I believe, what I have seen concerning Cuba and a new alliance trying to form like the Cuban missile crisis with whatever this biological weapon is in the ground that Russia gives to Cuba.
I saw an attack coming against Florida.
It happened in the nighttime; it was dark out.
It came on the Atlantic side, not the Gulf.
It was by Miami and it came off of a boat.
He saw Xi Jinping and he said, 'How do we do this without firing a shot?
' Xi Jinping was talking about things, and I saw that in the last vision when the Lord was showing me Xi Jinping.
They were all strategizing, 'How do we bring all this about?
' If everybody remembers, I saw during Trump's term what would try to be a major draft for the United States of America because of a great war breaking out in Europe.
I've talked about that a little bit last time.
That was like Saving Private Ryan.
I could see the old World War II vehicles and things in Europe, from England and all these other nations that were involved in a major uprising and a major war.
North Korea was on Russia's side.
There were other European countries that were for Russia also, and they came out of the woodwork and they had alliances coming from the Middle East to surround this.
It was a major war breakout when this happened.
I saw the United States of America—and this is when I told everybody they're in a single file line and they were headed towards Europe—but there were men and women that would be drafted in this.
There were soldiers, women and men, but it was a draft.
There was a major war that broke out.
Does anybody remember that?
It's one of my first visions I had when I came on here.
The Lord said, 'I'm about to deal with Gavin.
I'm about to deal with Gavin.
His days are numbered in his position.
His days are numbered.
' He said, 'He's had a stench before my nose.
' I hear him.
I see Gavin's face right now.
An uncovering of great corruption on multiple levels beyond your comprehension.
There's a bunch of governors.
I see them.
And he said there's even Republicans, Brandon; that's what he just said.
It's not just a Democratic thing.
There's a lot of corruption that's going to be exposed in the days ahead.
I'm dealing with politics.
Do I say that, Lord, out loud—what I just saw?
He said because seedtime and harvest is accelerating.
What you sow you'll reap.
And he said the sowers and the reapers—I've warned you again—the sowers and the reapers will go hand in hand.
It won't be a long time; it'll be seed, harvest; seed, harvest.
I've said this again.
And it won't be when you sow financial seeds.
It won't be a long time; it quickly manifests what you've been believing for with multiplied favor instead of labor.
Favor is what he says.
And you'll see seedtime and harvest accelerating on all fronts.
And it'll look like judgment, but it's an acceleration of seedtime and harvest.
The blessing and the judgment will go hand in hand.
A right hand, a left hand, a right hand, a left.
But it's just seedtime and harvest, exposing darkness in my church, exposing darkness in leadership in the church.
More to come.
Cleaning of the house.
More to come, because the glory, you know, it'll be like Ananias and Sapphira when the glory was there.
When the glory comes to a certain level and sin's in it, it deals with it.
The glory deals with it.
He's not holding it back.
That's why with Moses, he had to—I see it, Diana—it's like you take off your shoes; it's holy ground.
It's the glory.
No more refraining from this level of glory.
The restraint has been removed.
It's coming down, the heaviness, but it causes holiness.
The glory causes holiness.
It's a purifier because he is holy.
God is holy.
There's no dirtiness.
Glory comes out and it cleanses the body.
It cleanses things.
It causes exposing of things, repentance, holiness.
He said about corruption on multiple levels with Gavin.
That was June 8th, 2025.
So that was just a couple months ago.
The glory brings purification.
The more the glory comes down and the levels of the glory rise in the church, like it was in Azusa, it purifies the church.
The glory makes you shine, and when there's compromise and sin in your life, it exposes it, like Ananias and Sapphira.
When the Lord showed me that, I remember it, and he said, 'Brandon, there's much corruption in my church.
' There's levels of cleansing there, but there's levels of glory.
And what you're asking for is the greater glory, but there must be a greater manifestation of holiness.
How you walk in the glory is love, but not having a life of compromising, being lukewarm.
'Be ye separate unto me.
Be you holy as I am holy.
' We are only ever there by the blood.
But you don't return to the very sin you left.
You separate yourself from that sin for a season, then go back to it and say, 'It's just grace, and I can live the way I want to.
' Well, you're under grace, brother, but the sin you said you were found from, you went back to like a dog eating its vomit.
And that was what the Lord was showing me that day.
He said, 'The level of glory is coming, but a level of purification is coming.
And to much is given, much is required.
' So that's what that was about.
But I saw on that day great corruption coming out of California, a lot of corruption in a lot of leaders.
We saw it again last night, and I had forgotten about this, and I told Braden, 'Go through videos through all the prayer times we've had for the last two years and start looking for things that the Lord has told us and bring it out.
' And he typed certain things in that search engine and finds it for us.
Now, the other part was talking about the earthquake that I saw on the California coastline that went from San Francisco all the way up to British Columbia area.
And this was a massive volcanic eruption in the ocean.
That was something of biblical proportions that came up out of the water.
I saw it bringing a tsunami wave to Japan.
It was a massive event when it takes place.
This is the same thing that I saw concerning the coastline of Italy.
We keep seeing these mega-quakes and mega-volcanic eruptions.
We haven't seen it like that in the natural like we've seen in the spirit.
So maybe that's prayer stopping it.
All I know is I see these major events taking place, and I keep seeing the Ring of Fire being very active through Japan and major activity by Alaska and Anchorage.
So we just keep praying over it and see what the Lord has for us tonight.
Did I go over everything?
And you saw them acid washing to try to expunge the evidence out for all the corruption that's going on because of this young man that brought all this out in Minnesota.
And there were all these other states.
The sheriff's coming to town.
Like Trump said, 'We're going to come after California next.
' Even after we brought it up, 48 hours later, he has a Truth Social post saying, 'We're coming for you.
We know that there's greater corruption in California than what was in Minnesota, and we're coming for you, Gavin.
' Our 2026 is going to be—what did the Lord say?
—political theater.
A lot of political theater will be in 2026.
It's starting out to be that way already.
You saw embarrassing moments even for Kamala Harris.
And the Lord said when these embarrassing moments are uncovered, she will say, 'I wish I wouldn't even have run for president because of the things that will be uncovered.
' She was so embarrassed.
I'm not slandering anybody; I'm just telling you what I saw in a vision.
Next?
And you saw the arrows.
Oh, I saw arrows coming out of corruption into Ukraine with money laundering.
When Elon Musk brought up the $1.
5 trillion of fraud, I saw $24 billion that went to secret accounts in Ukraine funded by taxpayer money for the war.
It was a major arrow, which the Lord said was a money trail coming out of Washington to Ukraine.
And then when it hit Ukraine, it hit a bank, and I saw a representation of a vault of money.
And then all these little arrows started coming out of it and going to secret accounts all throughout Europe.
Some of them were in Africa, some of them were in the Middle East, but they all shot out.
And the Lord said, "The bigger the arrow, the bigger the corruption.
" I saw small little arrows that were like a target arrow.
It shot up out of the money and went to another spot like Indiana Jones.
You know how Indiana Jones, when he would travel in the movies, would touch down to certain places and you could see where he was traveling?
Well, this is what that looked like.
It was a red arrow that touched down to certain places where the bank money was going.
And the bigger the arrow, the bigger the corruption.
I could see politicians' faces behind the arrows.
Some of them were small arrows.
Some of them were big fat arrows, but the Lord said that was the level of how much money was coming out to them—special interests.
Some of it was going to laboratories for biological, like Fauci.
I saw labs for corruption, and there was one that was $15 million.
I say a lot, don't I?
But yep, I saw a hundred million dollars in cash and it was connected to a politician.
And I told y'all it was Zelensky, and I saw $100 million.
I saw all this corruption of money.
It was $100 bills and they were all taking the money from Ukraine and Biden's administration giving them so much, and they were taking that money and using it for secret accounts.
They knew the dollar was going down.
They knew the economy of America was in trouble, but they were going to make sure that they wouldn't be in trouble.
There were slush funds; I saw lots of it.
The Lord said that he is going to deal with it all.
He's warned us over and over again.
You think they get away with it now, and they may think they've gotten away scot-free, like, 'I got away with it.
' Even politicians that are not even in office right now—I saw people that were retired and are retiring.
The Lord says they've not gotten away with it.
None of them have.
They'll stand and give an account for everything.
Hell's hot.
And you may think you get away with corruption in your churches, doing wrong with the church's finances.
You do bad with the church's money.
You do bad with offerings.
You do bad with the tithe of the people that work hard and give.
But there's a judgment that's coming for that.
You say, 'Oh, but it was so innocent.
' But the Lord said, 'Oh, no.
I see what you do with everything.
I see how you handle things.
I see how you squander and you do things with it.
' And he said, 'Brandon, they may think they've gotten away with it in the earth, but they'll hold an account.
' Even pastors—to whom much is given, much is required.
And the sex scandals and all the things that are going on with abuse of power, taking the glory.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, I saw it all coming to a head in 2026.
All of it was coming to a sharp point.
We're at a time like we've never seen before, and things are going to accelerate.
We're at the point of no return.
2026, 2027, and 2028 will be years like—I'm telling you, it's going to be shakings.
So, I know I repeat myself a lot, but there's always a new face.
But I'm excited about the outpouring of the spirit of God.
I'm excited about the hunger of the people.
There's 7,400 of you here right now at ten after five, five after ten, or whatever it is—seven after ten.
So we will pray tonight and we will—Are you going to add some more things real quick?
Yeah, I'm trying to.
I didn't want you to do it when I'm praying to distract him from praying.
So, okay.
Yes, it's time.
I want to be real serious at that time.
So if you want to add something, you can add something real quick and I'll wait on you.
It's something fun for them.
But he worked hard on this.
Yeah, it's a combination of—I was trying to add the one guy, Benjamin Franklin.
The new industrial revolution.
Then you have to add Schumer.
Yes.
Okay, you can go.
Well, Father, we just thank you, Lord, for another great day today.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the weather that we had that is beautiful outside where we are.
We're so grateful, Father, for the health that you've given us.
We're so grateful, Father, for the money and that we're able to eat and have our bills paid.
And we're so grateful, Father, that we have jobs.
And Father, we're so grateful for the people that are believing for jobs and even believing for food.
We believe, Father, that you're the great provider and you always take care of us.
There's so many people with so many needs.
Always, 'Brandon, pray for me for a new job in 2026.
Pray for me to be out of debt.
' There's so many people that are dealing with depression right now.
There's so many people that are dealing with self-harm.
I was at a place today and I pulled into the drive-thru.
I always try to be a witness to the people behind there that are taking my order.
And I said, 'Where have you been?
' I was talking to this young girl.
I always see this darkness on her.
And I said, 'Are you okay?
I haven't seen you in a couple days?
' She goes, 'Well, I hurt myself.
' I said, 'You hurt yourself?
' And she had taken a knife and cut her wrist all up.
It took my breath.
I said, 'Oh, God.
' I said, 'Seriously, what causes somebody to be hurting so bad that you cut your arms all up with a knife?
' Stitches all over her from cutting herself up.
And I just thought, 'The world is hurting so bad.
' My little girl was sitting in the back and she said, 'Oh, daddy, what did she do?
' Trying to explain that to my 10-year-old was the hardest thing ever.
I said, 'You know, honey, she tried to end her life.
' In that time, you don't want to slap people with religion because they're hurting so bad already.
Don't just hit them in the head with the Bible, but just love them with your words and love them where they are and just pray for them.
You're reaching out and you're just like, 'Oh my goodness.
' It took my breath.
When I saw all her blood marks and all the stuff from her cutting herself up, I just thought, 'My God, what level are people going through right now?
' Whenever you email me and you say, 'I'm having these hard times.
Will you pray for me?
' and in my world, I have so much the Holy Ghost because I've cultivated an atmosphere in my house, when I relate and I see somebody like that, I go, 'There are people that are so broken.
' They need Jesus.
And I thought, if they only knew how much he loves them, if they only knew how much he loves you and how much he wants a relationship with you more than you want a relationship with him.
But the devil has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, making you feel that there's no hope for tomorrow.
There's no hope, there's depression, and 'I just got to cut, I want to end my life.
' But do you realize—I remember wanting to drive off a bridge.
I remember thinking there was no hope and I went to a missionary named Ronald in Crescent, Oklahoma, and he cast the devil out of me.
And I know what it's like to be bound by depression to that severity.
And that's whenever I see these messages and people tell me you're dealing with seasonal depression disorder and so many different anxieties and you can't sleep and you're so scared and you've got demonic stuff going on in your house and you're hearing voices and you're telling us that you have pictures flying off the wall or you've got doors opening up.
You've got a demonic spirit in your house.
And that's why you need to know who you are and your covenant of Jesus Christ and what he did for you and anoint your house with oil and plead the blood over your bed and over your dreams and know that Jesus Christ set you free by the blood of the lamb and by the word of your testimony.
And you don't have to be tormented by this.
We're here for you.
We pray for you.
But it is even with finances and people are so desperate for so much.
I know that the president says the economy is not bad, but I get the emails that say otherwise.
Oh, we can't make you even pay.
We got $12, Brandon.
I only got this $5 left and I go, "Oh, I remember being there at that point.
" And my heart goes out for every single one of you.
But how I got through it was sowing and believing you.
Nobody wants to hear that.
Big people get mad when you talk about money.
But that's what we did.
We sowed our way out of even if it was just a dime.
And I did it by faith.
I staggered not at the promise of God and I asked him for ideas to help me.
And when it was depression, I went and I started going around church groups and I needed help and they helped and I got help.
I didn't sit behind a computer screen and feel sorry for myself.
I went out and how desperate.
How bad is your want to change?
How desperate are you?
Do is it bad enough that you'll do whatever it takes?
Oh, well, you know, I'm just kind of passive.
I'll just go kind of by with whatever will be will be.
No, you have to have that fighter mentality, especially for what I've seen coming.
How bad is your want to?
How bad do you want change in your life?
The word of God will change you from the inside out.
The Bible says that you will know the truth and the truth of God's word will set you free.
And I understand sometimes there's hormone imbalances and some people go through hormone things and I'm not always trying to say it's a devil.
There are hormone imbalances.
There are things that are going on with people's minds that are chemicals from us eating stuff and our food.
There's things that are disorder from eating stuff that is bad because they tame our stuff with all kinds of bad stuff and GMOs and I get that.
I don't say there's a devil behind every bush.
And I don't know how many times people told me Megan had a demon, my little girl, when she had autism.
You know that's a devil, Brandon.
He opened the door through sin.
Has to be.
And there's a devil behind it.
And I'm telling you, you got to get that devil cast out of her.
Did it, done it, tried it more than once.
Fasted and prayed for I can't even tell you until I felt like I was going to die.
I was little back then.
Dian and I both.
And people always have some kind of Holy Ghost cure of what you're doing wrong.
And I'm not here to try to poke at you.
I'm just here to try to love on you, and tell you, listen, God's got a plan for your life.
As I saw that young girl today, and my heart and my little girl, it made me it wow.
The reality of your reality.
When I see it, all I want to tell you is this.
God has a plan for your life.
And it's so much more than what you're living right now.
Kim Clement always said, "I'm somewhere in the future and it looks a lot better than it looks right now.
" I love that.
God has a plan for you.
And it's not some kind of cliche Christian thing.
I get so tired of the religious religiosity or whatever you want to call it.
Keep it and shut up.
Don't you I get so tired of sister clipboard trying to tell me something.
Shut up.
You know, until you've lived it, don't come over here trying to preach at me.
You know, I get that.
I like being real with folks, but I can tell you because I've been there on that side of it.
I never did anything physically to myself, but I was down in the depths of the pit and thought that I wouldn't be able to get out of it.
And the devil's yelling as loud as he can, "Kill yourself.
Do something.
" You got all these thoughts and this bombardment and all this depression and you're feeling I can't even wake up and I don't even want to get out of bed in the morning because of the pressure of life.
And you wake up and you're thinking, is the nightmare from yesterday over?
And you go, "No, I'm still living it.
" I've been there.
So, what I'm trying to tell you is tonight I want to pray for you.
I say all that to tell you I'm trying to listen.
She say you're not alone.
As a young girl that I ran into today, you're not alone.
I don't know why you do what you did, but you're not alone.
I take communion with you today.
You take communion with me.
When you get real with God, God will become real to you.
Stop being religious.
Have relationship with Jesus Christ tonight.
Yield yourself to him and come just as you are.
Nobody's holy enough.
Nobody's righteous.
He makes us righteous.
What I'm trying to say, don't go back like a dog to your vomit.
Don't keep practicing what you did.
You open the door for the devil to come in and rob you.
Be you holy as he is holy is what I'm trying to ask you to do.
You do it by faith.
If you do it day by day and you get in this word and the word will change you from the inside out.
Find scriptures that pertain to what you need.
Maybe like depression, maybe poverty or some kind of lust or I don't know.
You might be some kind of, you know, you're perverse all the time.
Bad.
Chill.
Get in the word.
And God's got this.
I'm not trying to be I'm just trying to be real with you.
I want to pray for you today, though.
And I want to believe God for your miracle today.
I want to believe God that there's an expiration date to your problem tonight.
That you're not going to take this into any more of your life like I saw today.
That you don't keep repeating the same mistakes and keep doing the same thing expecting different results.
Change the course of your ship tonight by putting Jesus on there and letting him steer it.
Stop trying to do everything yourself and find this beautiful book that he gave you and look at it as it's real and it's alive and get it down inside your heart and it will change you from the inside out.
Well, it's a boring Bible.
It's old.
It's not relatable anymore.
Find a version of the Bible that's more relatable to you then.
If King James doesn't float your boat, find something that will minister to you.
It doesn't have to be King James.
Find a version of the Bible that you grab a hold of and go, "Hey, this is the message or whatever.
" And you read it and go, "Hey, I can relate with this.
" At least you're feeding your spirit life.
Stop being so religious.
Be more about relationship tonight.
So, I want to take this communion.
I know that there's somebody out there that I'm talking to probably out of the 7,600 people here.
And if not, pray for the ones that I'm talking to.
If you've got all your stuff together and everything's awesome, remember there's a lot of people that come on this channel that are really hurting.
And pray for your brothers and sisters.
Don't go through, well, I've got all this.
You're not talking to me.
You're wasting my time.
No, there's a lot of people I'm getting the emails that need help and they're not being taught the word of God at church.
They're going and getting a lukewarm message with skinny jeans and fog machines with all of the entertainment they get, and they're getting a watered-down gospel and they're not knowing how to stand with a backbone like a crowbar in these last days.
They're seeing the signs of the times coming and unfolding all around them and they're freaking out and they're going, "What do I do?
" Shame on you, pastors.
You're going to be held accountable for it.
You must tell the people where we are and teach them the word.
No more itching ears.
We're past that point.
Father, we just thank you for every person that is represented here tonight.
We're so grateful that they would want to spend their time with us.
Father, I pray for every single one of them that they may be down and out, broke, busted, and disgusted.
They may be on their last dollar.
But God, I know that in your word you said, "My God shall supply all my needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
" And you've never seen the righteous forsaken nor the seed begging for bread.
I believe that tonight, Lord, you're the God of the turnaround.
And what the devil meant for bad, you're able to turn it around for good.
Every single person that's represented here tonight, whether it's something very small or something that seems overwhelmingly impossible, I believe that you're the God of the turnaround and make the impossible possible; that you are the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, but you're the God of Brandon Biggs or whoever is watching this right now.
It's personal.
Make the Bible personal to you.
He may be the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but he's the God of Diana Biggs, Brandon Biggs, and Braden Biggs, and he's the God of whoever's behind this, of Tyrone.
You understand?
Make God personable to you.
What is your circumstance?
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Father, we lift up the body and we thank you, Lord, that you became sickness for us.
You became disease for us.
You became mental torment.
You became poverty.
You took it all.
And we thank you, Lord, that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Galatians: Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we believe, Father, that tonight is the night of our expiration date for what we've been going through.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it before you, Father, and we thank you for how good you've been to us in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen and amen.
It's not religious; it's a relationship.
And so I don't have those wafer cups.
Take a potato chip.
Get some water.
Brandon, I don't have communion.
Get a Ritz cracker.
Get a Cheez-It.
Jesus knows your heart.
I only got these because all the people were sending them to me in the mail because they didn't like me taking them with a potato chip.
I was thankful.
I think we got over 4,000 communion wafer cups in the mail.
4,000 of them.
Everybody said, "I want to take communion; have everybody taking communion with me for a long time.
" We added them up.
Diana goes, "Brandon, never take communion with a chip on the channel ever again.
" I said, "Okay, I'm thankful for every one of you.
God bless you.
" Thank you, Father, for the blood.
We make much, we give much to the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take this blood and we take it by faith and we lift it up before you, Father.
And I thank you for all that you've done for us.
Amen and amen.
We're delivered.
We're set free.
We're whole.
We're well.
And tonight's a night for a brand new start for a lot of us.
Tonight's a brand new start.
Father, we know we can't do this on our own.
And just like a child that comes to the father with a broken car or broken toy and says, "Daddy, would you fix it?
" I can't fix this mess.
I can't keep living this way.
I can't keep doing this.
I need you to fix this car.
I need you to fix this life.
I need you to touch me.
And I want you to become real to me and meet me right where I'm at.
Holy Spirit, we invite you into our life.
Fill me with the Holy Ghost to overflowing with speaking in tongues.
Fill me right now with the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the evidence of speaking with other tongues.
Touch my lips with fire.
Father, touch my mind.
Touch my heart.
Touch me, God.
And create in me a clean heart that I might not sin against you.
Lord, help me.
Touch me with fire tonight.
Lord, wash me new.
And I take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
He sure loves you.
He sure loves all of us.
For God so loved the world that he gave his most precious gift, Jesus, that whosoever will believe in him should not perish, but all have everlasting life.
We believe that.
Who are you?
A whosoever.
I'm a whosoever.
Braden's a whosoever.
I am a whosoever.
I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I was blind, but now I see.
Before we get to praying here, if you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior and you're watching this right now and you're feeling this, "Man, I'd like to know Jesus.
Would you accept me into his kingdom?
" Yes.
But I want to tell you, there's a lot of you that are watching right now that are not born again.
There are even backslidden preachers on here.
You're not living right.
You've been preaching behind the pulpit and you're in sin.
I feel it in my heart tonight.
There's one or two of you for sure.
And you've been preaching behind the pulpit and you're living a bad lifestyle when the congregation's not watching and you know you're doing bad.
You're looking at stuff on the internet you shouldn't be looking at.
I see it right now by the spirit of God.
And you need to close that door right now and walk away from that trash.
Friends, walk away from looking at stuff that is trash online.
And Jesus Christ wants to set you free from that lust.
He wants to set you free from that.
Stop looking at that trash.
Your wife doesn't deserve that.
Honor her.
Close the door to sin.
Close the door to this demonic spirit that's grabbed a hold of your mind and tell it to get off in Jesus' name.
Stop it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that tonight's the night for them to come home.
Now, if you're here and I'm speaking to you and you feel that tugging on your heart and you're saying, "Brandon, I want to be saved.
I want to turn from this stuff right now.
I don't want to keep going down this road.
I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to keep going down this way of destruction.
It's going to cost me my marriage.
It's going to cost me a lot more than my kids.
I don't want to keep going down this road.
" I want you to put in the comments section right now, "I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night to turn away from this and I want a fresh, clean start.
" Jesus was bold about his dying for you in front of everybody.
Now, you be bold tonight in telling us, "Hey, I want to be saved.
I want to give my heart to Jesus Christ.
Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
I don't want to live this anymore.
" And if you're here tonight and that's speaking to you, this might be your last opportunity to get it right.
This might be your last opportunity.
You might be on the verge of dying in your sleep and you don't even realize it.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that's judgment.
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
Confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
Turn from your sins.
You say, "Well, I already know Jesus," but does he know you?
He said, "I never knew you," but I laid hands on the sick, Lord.
I preached your gospel every Sunday, sir.
"Savior, I preach, I laid hands on the sick and they recover.
I cast out devils in your name.
I raised the dead in your name.
Depart from me; I never knew you.
" Does Jesus Christ know you?
Are you intimate with him?
So, I'm just going to say a simple prayer for you right now.
And I want you to be that prodigal and run home to Jesus with his arms wide open right now.
All 7,700 of you, if you're here tonight, make your decision boldly before we jump in the river and start praying.
I want you to jump in the river with me and be on the right side of it.
Don't play church no more.
It's time.
We're running out of time.
Jesus Christ is standing at the door, ladies and gentlemen.
You're running out of time.
It's time to come home.
So, if you're here right now, I want you just to say it.
I'm going to say this simple prayer real quick.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on this world.
I turn my back on the sin.
I turn my back on the devil.
And I dedicate my life to you from now on.
I'm sold out to you.
I'm all in.
I thank you, Lord, that tonight I have a fresh, clean start.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I thank you, Lord, that you are now the captain of my ship.
And I thank you, Lord, that you have forgiven me.
I belong to you from this day forward.
Lord, I love you and I thank you, Lord, that you've made all things new.
Amen and amen.
" That's it.
Now, if you said that prayer and you meant it with your whole heart, I believe you just got on the right road.
Everything's going to be better.
It's going to start getting better from now on.
And you're going to come here and pray with me and you're going to get back in the Word like you should be.
And if you're a new believer tonight, get in the Word.
Find a Bible that you understand and read it and come here and pray with us.
Go to a non-denominational church and get water baptized.
If you find a good Baptist church, that's all right, too.
My dad was very Southern Baptist, but I say go and get water baptized.
Get plugged in there: Sunday school, whatever they've got.
Learn about the Word of God and what you've done today to ask Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal savior.
And welcome to the family.
I don't know how many of you—if there was anybody that gave their heart to Jesus Christ—but if you don't have a Bible, you can email us in the description below and we'll give you a Bible free.
We're a little behind.
We're going to get caught back up.
I apologize for the delay for the Bibles being delivered to you, but my wife is doing the best she can with all we've got on us, and we're going to get these Bibles out to you.
We promise.
All 67 of you, welcome to the family.
We're excited you came tonight.
And everybody in the chat, get excited for them.
They gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
We rejoice because 67 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
And we rejoice with every single one of you that gave—you're all in.
So, welcome to the family.
All right.
Well, who wants to go tubing?
I've already been over an hour, but the Lord said do that.
So, we'll pray for about an hour or so, right?
Let's pray for about an hour.
Who wants to go tubing?
I always call it the Holy Ghost River.
That's why we call it tubing.
Anybody who wants to know why I call it that is because we go down in the South; a lot of people go down tubing on the Red River and all these other places and they get a big inner tube and they just go down the lazy river, but we call this the Holy Ghost River and we call it tubing.
That's why it's fun for us.
Did you get anything uploaded they can see before we go tubing?
Braden, that's what they did.
You put Schiff on a donkey, bro.
I was not expecting that.
You're a funny kid.
He said, 'Impeach, impeach.
' Do they see it?
No.
Let them see it.
Oh, Braden.
He's going off the edge of Trump.
That was funny.
He's a donkey.
That's funny.
We have too much fun.
That works.
He needs a tail, though.
I don't want to see a tail.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, its tail is tucked under its leg.
Just read.
Yeah, it needs it fixed.
Okay, that's pretty funny.
Impeach, impeach.
He needs it three times.
Good.
They said it three times, right?
Impeach, impeach.
I heard him say it three times, which I know is symbolic for something.
And you covered up Putin's submarine.
No, it's fine, buddy.
You did great.
I love it.
Yeah, we'll just keep it like that.
Keep adding to it.
Next, put all the crypto and all the things on there.
The ones that'll be fun for a finale: the coins.
Now, if I put it on there, it's not financial advice.
I'm not telling you to buy, sell, or trade anything, okay?
But if I put the five pillars in there, it's just me and what the Lord has showed me...
what things that I thought, what the Lord has told me.
I don't know if you should do that.
If not, it'd be fun to put some things in there like that.
Like I said, it's not financial advice.
I'm not a financial adviser.
This is for entertainment purposes only.
So, ready?
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the river.
We just flow down.
If there's anything you want us to see tonight, if there's anything you want us to show, show us, Father.
We're always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you've asked us to do in these end times.
Thank you, Father, for your blood.
Thank you, Lord, for your mercy.
Thank you, Lord, for how much you loved us that you gave your life for us, that we walk in victory.
And we go from glory to glory to glory.
Never be the same.
We go from glory to glory to glory.
You know what?
I feel it in my hands.
I feel it in my feet.
I feel it in my walk.
I feel it in my talk.
I feel it all over me.
I got it.
Something about that Holy Ghost I can't explain.
But I got it in my hands.
I got it in my feet.
I got it in my walk.
I got it in my talk.
I got it in my hands.
I got it in my feet.
It's old school.
Something about that Holy Ghost I can't explain, but I got it.
I got it.
I got it all over me.
I was looking for it.
I had the A.
A.
Allen buddy.
Oh, the one you sent me.
Yes.
You still have it?
Yeah.
I'm going to listen to it.
So maybe it gets because coming—I'm trying to—that was very heavy.
What's this one?
They're still heavenward.
Play that.
Can you play that?
Amen and everything that pleases the Lord.
Okay, play that.
Turn it up so I can hear it, too.
Funny.
They're still laughing about it.
It's funny.
It's not in the background, though, because I also kind of want to distract it.
Play it.
Stretch your hands to heaven.
Rejoice in the Lord.
Praise him.
The Bible says, 'Let everything that has breath praise the Lord.
' Amen.
Let everything that has breath praise the Lord.
Praise him on the ten-stringed instrument.
Praise him on the organ.
Praise him on the stringed instruments.
Praise him on the cymbals.
Yeah.
Here's Brother Gene Martin and the Miracle Valley Choir to sing praise to him.
I can give you my feeling.
My heart, my hand.
He's alive, I know He's alive.
Why not keep Him alive?
One more day.
You're in my heart, in my heart.
He's not there.
In my feet, in my heart, in my mind.
You feel—we drive around playing that really loud in my car and will pull up at a stoplight with the windows down and you ought to see the looks we get.
It is fun.
I enjoy that.
Paisley is in the back dancing, and I have it turned up loud.
We just try to enjoy life.
It's good stuff.
I love that choir, AA Allen.
It's good stuff, man.
I love it.
And he leads worship well.
I don't know what his name is, but he is good.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
God's not dead; he's still alive.
I feel him in my hands, I feel him in my feet, and I feel it in my walk.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that you undergird President Trump tonight.
We thank you, Lord, for your protection over our nation with all the major decisions.
As he is walking through this valley of decision, we pray over him.
We pray over the decisions.
We thank you, Lord, through every decision and through all the valley of decision.
Father, we put a hedge around and about him tonight.
Father, we pray that he sleeps soundly, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus Christ over President Trump, his family, his sons, his daughters, his wife, and his cabinet.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the Supreme Court judges, by the third of February, will decide to go along with the tariffs to boost the economy.
I call forth a mighty wave of financial blessing over our nation in Jesus' name.
Father, I pray that it would pour out over the body of Christ—the ones that are listening—that we would have more than enough.
We call for a reinstatement of the dinar.
We call for a reinstatement of the currency to flourish in Jesus' name.
We call forth in the name of Jesus for crypto to be stable and not be so volatile.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that stability comes to it.
We call certain ones to go over $5 in Jesus' name.
We call that $5 to come forth in Jesus' name per coin.
We say in the name of Jesus Christ: it's turning around and it will provide overflow for the body of Christ to get the job done.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that you're the waymaker.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
Now, like I said, I'm not a financial adviser, but I did see and have talked about this in a vision before.
I don't know when it will happen, but I saw silver going over $170 an ounce.
And I've told everybody that in videos past.
Like I said, I saw this.
So, we call for that $170 value per ounce of silver.
Over $170 per ounce of silver in the name of Jesus.
We call it to go up in value.
We call a major wave of blessing to come over in Jesus' name.
And we call for gold to go over $10,000 an ounce.
We thank you, Lord, for the blessing, the increase, the multiplication, and favor in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you that you'll turn it around.
We call forth silver to go well over $170 an ounce in Jesus' name.
We call forth gold to go well over that—10,000—in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that there would be more than enough extra overflow for the body of Christ to get the job done.
I thank you, Father.
We're calling it in right now.
I thank you, Father, that you're bringing it to pass.
Lord, you've been so good to us with what we have already.
I think it hit like $70 or whatever.
Father, we're so grateful for where it already is.
But God, I thank you that you double it, then you triple it in Jesus' name.
77?
You double it.
It's gone down since when?
Yes, today we got...
so Father, we thank you that you double it, then triple it.
77.
Thank you, Lord.
Isn't that amazing?
When the Lord gave me that word, it was $12 an ounce.
Thank you, Father.
It's doing exactly what I saw in the spirit.
I thank you, Lord, that you're the waymaker and that it will keep going up in Jesus' name.
Lord, I know there are pullbacks, dips, and all kinds of things, but we don't move by that; we just keep watching.
When it was at $12 an ounce, even that number back then seemed impossible.
I'm going to be real with you all.
When the Lord told me 12, I told Braden that; we were talking about it while he was behind the computer that night.
I saw in the spirit: it was $1,200, and the Lord told me, '10,000.
' How much is gold?
Gold was like $1,500 an ounce—1,400.
Now it's at $4,438 an ounce.
And the Lord told us at 1,400 it would go to 10,000 one day.
That was what the Lord said, and I've been praying over that ever since.
Lord, thank you that you do it.
Even at $1,400 an ounce, that was crazy high; I thought, 'Man, that's a lot of money.
' But at $4,438, that's a big jump from 1,400.
I believe it was 1,440.
Maybe $12 for that?
What is it?
And we thank you, Lord, that you'll do the same thing for the dinar, the same thing for certain cryptos, and the same thing for everything else, for you're the God of multiplication.
Lord, as we watch and see what's happened, we're so grateful for what you've done already.
We're not taking it for granted, but we ask you to double it and triple it in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, that you're the God of multiplication—that you'll take something out of nothing and make something out of nothing, like the fishes and the loaves.
Father, you're the God of provision.
Thank you, Father.
You're such a good, wonderful God.
We thank you, Lord, for creative ideas.
We hear you, Lord.
Father, I thank you that you're the God of multiplication.
Oh, Father, we give you praise and glory for it in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, that it's coming to pass.
We'll be debt-free.
2026 will be debt-free.
2026: debt-free living in Jesus' name.
How many believe in that?
In 2026, you'll be debt-free.
Whatever you were in debt, you'll have that amount liquid in the bank.
Believe that in 2026, whatever you were in debt, you'll have liquid in the bank; that's how much you'll be upright.
So, if you owe $100,000 on something, you'll have that 100,000 in the bank as a surplus after taxes.
I saw in the days ahead that people wouldn't pay their taxes and they're going to get in trouble.
Then the Lord warned me and said, 'Give to Caesar what is Caesar's.
' There'll be rumors on the internet that the IRS is going away, and the Lord said, 'This is a setup.
' There will be a lot of believers that go along with this, and I saw them going to jail because they didn't pay their taxes.
They'll get too far behind and things will keep snowballing.
I saw a major snare coming.
I thought that was interesting when I saw that and gave that word.
Remember, I had it in a dream.
The Lord said the enemy was going to come after a lot of believers concerning this.
We thank you, Lord.
I remember it.
I remember seeing that people didn't pay their stuff and they were in a lot of trouble—capital gains.
They didn't pay their capital gains, and it was concerning the dinar, wasn't it?
Yeah.
And the Lord said, 'Don't do this.
' Do you have that video?
This one.
Do you have it?
Could you cue it up to where I said that?
You can play it.
'Window of opportunity to exchange and get your financial blessing.
And the Lord said, "Pay your taxes.
Do not try to manipulate and not pay your taxes.
" The Lord said that they are watching and waiting to see who would try to be crooked concerning this.
Do not do this.
Pay your taxes.
Do not try to skip and cheat the government.
You will make a big mistake.
' If you spend this money and you say, "Well, I'll pay it later," you're going to be in trouble.
They're not going to play with you.
I've seen brothers and sisters from the body of Christ that were done with it and spent it and lost it, and they came knocking and they asked, "Where did the money go?
" "Well, we spent it.
" Well, guess what?
You went to prison.
And I'm telling you, remember Richard Hatch?
He won the money from Survivor and spent I don't know how long in prison for it.
It's not a game.
The Lord said, "Give to Caesar what is Caesar's and be thankful and grateful for the blessing that you're about to receive.
" Some of you, this will be all of it, but some of you, this will be the beginning of it.
If you're listening, you will either be in the boat of "this is startup money to do something more" or "this is my blessing and I'm excited and this gets me ahead and I'm going to have an overflow.
" But I saw a windfall for a lot of families.
Things that you've been believing for will happen suddenly.
And when this suddenly happens, it will happen overnight in a 24-hour period.
Like I've told you, I keep getting this 24-hour period: 24-hour changes, 24-hour turnarounds, 24-hour shakings, 24-hour awakenings.
I'm telling you, it's in a time of acceleration.
And when this thing happens with this dinar, what everybody's believing for, whatever this is, this will be a time of great blessing, but it will also be disappointing for a lot of you because you've had this vision of grandeur, like hundreds of millions or whatever it is.
I don't know.
I just saw numbers that people were very disappointed about.
Like you say, "Well, I was expecting $10 million.
" Some people are going, "I'm expecting $20 million," and you walk away with a million dollars.
That's a lot of money.
But to a lot of people who had the idea of having 20 million, 1 million is a big disappointment.
Does that make sense?
So you can't get discouraged about a million dollars.
There's many of you that have the grand idea.
I've heard you say, "Well, I'm believing for $20 or $30 million and it's going to change generations.
" The Lord showed me what they're going to try to do is not give you as much as what you're believing for.
And the Lord said to me, if you look at it and just be thankful, look at it and just be grateful for whatever you get and ask the Holy Spirit to breathe on it, he would take it to the next level.
There are a lot of people that would teach that if you just wait because of what it comes out at, a so-called rate, that you can just wait and become richer down the road.
But I saw it was a trap.
Now you do with that what you want.
You pray about what you're supposed to do with that.
I don't know what that totally means.
I'm telling you all, I'm a student of crypto.
I study crypto a lot now after the Lord's been talking to me about crypto.
I pray over it and I said, "Lord, I thank you for wisdom.
Give me wisdom, Lord, because I don't want to be dumb about what I'm reading about.
" I told Diana, "Study.
I don't want to be dumb.
What is the computer technology behind this?
Who's involved in this?
Who's the boss of this?
And what are they invested in?
Who are they?
Brad Garlinghouse or whatever his name is, Brad Garlinghouse.
Who is this?
What is this from XRP or XLM?
" Because you just don't know.
The Bible says to study to show thyself approved.
And just like you go and you study to be a doctor or a lawyer, you need to know what you're doing.
The Lord said this is blood money.
Many men and women in service died for this.
There was a lot of sacrifice for our brothers and sisters in the armed forces.
They gave their life for Iraqi freedom to bring forth freedom for the Iraqi people.
Many of our servicemen and women died for what is about to happen.
Do not take it lightly, for people lost their lives for the blessing that you're about to partake in.
This was very serious.
Many people did not make it and they suffered and they died for the cause of this, for the Iraqi people to have stability.
He brought it up again today about the taxes.
It was February 6th of last year and he was warning back then.
It's amazing because in our way of thinking it has to be, "Well, Brandon, it was a false promise because it didn't happen within my three-week window.
" But the Lord speaks so far in advance to get you prepared for what's coming.
Pray over this.
Pray over this to get your heart ready.
Don't cheat the IRS and think that you're not going to pay your capital gains.
I saw that so strong in a dream, and I don't usually have dreams, and the Lord warned in a dream, "Tell my people to give Caesar what is Caesar's, Brandon, for in the days ahead they will say that the IRS is going to go away and they won't have to pay their taxes.
" I don't know what they're thinking or what they're hearing on the internet, but it's interesting because he brought it up again today.
I just know that in a 24-hour period overnight, major decamillionaires would come about.
He said people that had nothing will be decamillionaires overnight.
He said, "The seeds that you've sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
" And he said, "That's not even about the bad seeds, Brandon, that the wicked have sowed.
" He said, "I'm a God of the harvest.
I'm going to bring in financial harvest beyond anything you can comprehend.
There will be decamillionaires in the near future.
" He said, "Brandon, there will be a transfer of the wealth from the wicked like it was when the children of Israel left Egypt.
" He said, "I will bring forth a harvest of finances on my children as a sign and a wonder in these last days.
" Do not let go of the seeds you've sacrificially sowed.
Do not let go of the sacrificial time that you've given.
He said, "Brandon, I'm bringing forth great joy.
I'm bringing forth a great harvest.
Days of heaven on earth, fun days are coming for my body.
" He said, "The seeds that you've sowed in the past will come to harvest.
" Believe him for big in 2026.
Believe God for big in 2026.
Here we are.
That was back 2024, 2025.
And when you don't see it within a year and people aren't decamillionaires in that time frame, you think, "Well, that was a false or missed word.
" No, he prepares your heart.
It gets down inside of you.
September 30th, 2024, and you keep believing.
You keep praying over it.
You get yourself in alignment with the word.
How is that going to happen?
It's not going to happen by fraud.
How are you going to get to be a decamillionaire?
It doesn't just show up in your bank account and you wake up the next day and all of a sudden you've got all these zeros in there and you spend it.
I saw a lady that did that too, and they deposited the money in her account wrong and she thought it was hers and she spent it all and she's in prison now.
So don't be dumb.
"Well, I just automatically got a supernatural deposit in my bank account.
I woke up the next day and there was $50 million in there and I went and bought me a new house.
" Where'd it come from?
"Well, you know, it just got deposited.
" Don't be dumb.
There are people that are in prison because of that.
Put your boat into motion is what the Lord shows me.
Listen to him and listen again, and what you're supposed to be doing.
That's why I say there's too much charismatic flakiness.
There's a lot of charismatic flakiness, and that's just not the way it is.
Put yourself in a position to reap a harvest by listening to what he's asked you to do.
Whatever you put your hands to prospers.
I know God is a God of miracles, and he might speak to somebody in the church to bless you, your boss, or an inheritance, but that's usually not the norm.
It's usually not a lottery.
A lot of people say, 'I'm believing God for a lottery ticket,' but I don't believe God's a lottery God.
I don't believe that.
God's not a God of chance; he's a God of seedtime and harvest.
Like I said, there is a lot of charismatic flakiness.
I know this is a different video.
He saw the tears, and he was coming close.
He saw that too.
He saw the sacrificial seeds that people were giving.
He took the seeds and the tears and he brought them close to him, and they were precious to him.
I remember that he grabbed those tears and the sacrificial gifts and he held them close to his heart.
He said, 'These are dear to me, Brandon.
' Father, we just thank you that you're bringing it to pass.
Father, this is the time for breakthrough.
We believe you're coming.
I thank you that we're getting ready for the greatest time the body of Christ has ever had: days of great fun.
The harvest has just begun, and we're so grateful, Father, that every single person here tonight is believing for big.
Father, you're a supernatural God and a supernatural body.
You've given us life.
We're here and you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Life is a gift.
Every day we wake up is supernatural.
Thank you, Father.
Well, I didn't really get to get in the river tonight.
It was kind of dry, but it's always different.
I felt the pull for praying for the salvations, but I didn't feel a lot of pull for any other prayer.
I tried pulling there, but it just keeps coming to talk about the finances and believing God for big.
I guess, y'all, it's just real.
There is no performance in here.
Like I said, we just keep tugging along.
How many minutes has it been?
It's gone two hours.
Did you get something out of it?
I don't want to waste your time, but I'm thankful for all 8,000 of you.
I don't make the gift happen; I just yield and obey him.
If he wants to say something, he says it.
If not, I'm not going to make something up.
It's fake.
If I don't see it, it isn't there.
It's just real.
I'm so grateful that when he does show me things, I can give them to you.
Driving around today, I asked, 'Father, is there anything you want to show me?
' If not, I'm at peace.
I'm so grateful, Father, for the time that we have as a family together to pray.
And we're so grateful, Father, that you're exposing the corruption in California, and that Gavin will not be governor over that state for very much longer.
I thank you, Father, that he is no longer a politician.
Maybe he works at a sewer plant; that's a good place for him.
I thank you that you give him a new job and that Gavin Newsom's looking for a new job, Lord.
Maybe you'll get him saved.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're getting Gavin saved.
We're so grateful for every person that is here tonight.
We thank you, Father, that the politicians who are corrupt and evil like Zelenskyy, their days are numbered and you remove them.
They stole the taxpayer money, Lord, and I thank you that they are held accountable for all their stealing and thievery, from the senators to the people in the House, from Nancy to all of them.
I thank you, Father, that they will have a day of judgment for stealing our money.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're cleaning the house of America, and that we will have a short window for a major revival.
So, Father, we call in our unsaved loved ones tonight from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
We call in the laborers across their path.
We call them born again tonight—our wives, husbands, daughters, sons, grandparents, aunts, and uncles.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing them to Jesus and that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened to see the hope and the love that Jesus Christ has for them.
We take authority over the demonic spirits that are blinding them in Jesus' name.
We call them out of the pit of hell.
We call them born again, saved, delivered, and baptized in the Holy Ghost and fire.
This is a time like never before.
We've stood and we continue to stand.
All there is to do is stand.
Therefore, we're calling in our unsaved loved ones in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hands off of them in Jesus' name.
We call them born again, free, and delivered.
We call them healed and upright before you.
Father, I thank you for that wealth transfer.
I thank you that you're bringing it to pass at last.
We call it in, Father, that we have more than enough.
Our churches are not top-heavy with debt.
I thank you that the mortgages on our buildings are paid off in Jesus' name so that our pastors don't have that stress.
They can sit on the front porch of the church and rock in a rocking chair without the care and worry of a huge mortgage.
They can enjoy their congregation and pray.
I thank you, Father, that you provide all our needs.
You take care of the flocks.
You are the great God, Jehovah.
I thank you, Lord, that you are Jehovah Jireh.
I call us debt-free this year, Lord.
I call the people of this channel debt-free.
I call them debt-free in Jesus' name over their car payments, houses, student loans, and doctor bills.
I thank you, Father, that this is a time like never before that we will walk in the abundance that you've desired for us.
You said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
' I thank you, Father, that in 2026, we believe it, and the world will sit and wonder and say, 'How did that happen?
' How did that happen?
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father, that that's the wholeness: families coming to Jesus and not having bondage of debt.
Families all coming in no bondage, healed in their bodies, restored—no diabetes, no heart disease, no high cholesterol and brain problems, Alzheimer's, dementia, Parkinson's disease, and all kinds of things of the brain and the body.
I thank you, Father, that this is the year whatever they've been standing for will come to pass in Jesus' name—healed, whole, and well in the name of Jesus.
And we believe it.
I even believe for my Megan, Father, and I thank you, as many times as I brought her up before you, that Megan is healed, Lord.
And that she'll sit right here on this couch and tell everybody of the goodness of God; that she'll talk, Father, this year with full sentences.
She's 21 this year.
And I ask you, God, for her 21st birthday, that you touch my baby and all those that are believing for just like for Megan—it's all around this world that they never talked at 21 years old.
Father, it's not too late.
I believe that God, you can turn her life around.
Yeah, she may be 21, but Lord, I believe that she'll talk, that she'll sing, that she'll do ministry with us, and that, Father, we'll look back and the storm of life that came will be over.
There'll be an expiration date to her being able to talk.
We believe, Father, there's so many people out there that have a Megan in their household that don't talk.
They're not potty trained.
They don't have all this stuff going on.
But God, we thank you.
They may have a child with autism.
And we thank you, Lord, that just like when autism came on Megan and it all happened, it left.
It will leave just like that.
It's going to be over.
It's going to be done.
And we'll look back and we're going to sit and rock on the porch and give God praise.
Same with Down syndrome, with cerebral palsy, that Father, you're the God that delivers.
You're the God that delivers cerebral palsy.
You're the God that delivers Down syndrome.
You're the God that delivers mental retardation and handicaps, apraxia of speech, dementia, Alzheimer's, all of it—dyslexia.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that all brain disorders, all brain traumas, all things that deal with the brain are healed, whole, and well in the name of Jesus.
And we believe that we receive in this lifetime complete restoration over all things, and it will come to pass.
And we call it to come to pass at last in the name of Jesus.
And we call restoration of marriages.
We thank you, Lord, that Father, they may be on their way to get a divorce right now, tomorrow, whatever.
And Father, that you bring back that love again—that the husband is not being mean and the wife isn't mean, and they're all getting along and they're in love more than they've ever been.
And Father, you're the God that where the cankerworm was trying to eat it up, you rebuke the devourer for our sake.
We believe it.
This is going to be a good year for the body of Christ.
No matter how much drama I've seen, Lord, as for me and my house, we're going to have a good year; we believe it in Jesus' name.
Everybody say, 'Amen' and 'Amen' on that.
You believe it for your family?
I know it's not a spiritual lottery.
It's not like bingo.
We don't have to call out what you're going through to win the jackpot.
You just believe God for what you're believing for.
I don't have to call out your number.
You call it out.
Believe him.
Do you understand?
You have to.
Your mountain has to hear your voice, just like I'm calling my things out after thousands of times of saying it.
Thank you, Father.
I believe I receive what you have for me.
It's already done.
The finished work of Jesus Christ is already done.
According to Galatians 3:13, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And I'm waiting for the manifestation right now.
It's here.
I don't maybe see it always in the natural eye, but I believe it in my spirit.
I'm fully persuaded.
I'm fully persuaded that what God has promised, He's able also to perform it.
Be fully persuaded today.
We pray this video blessed you.
I know it's kind of different, but like I said, I don't have control over the gift.
When He wants to talk and show me things, He shows me things.
If not, then I just talk a little bit.
I keep trying to go down the river.
And if I don't feel a pull and a tug down it, then it's just as if I feel it's like a cold stove; then I need to fast and pray more, obviously, or whatever it is, I just go, 'Okay.
' I just keep going, but it's just real.
So, we're so grateful for every single one of you that came tonight.
Thank you, and God bless you.
We love you.
If you could like and subscribe.
Braden fixed that picture.
And yeah, they're saying you should add the cards in the background.
That's fun.
That's a good idea.
Do it.
Can you put it on the road?
Try it.
Yeah, let's do it before we go.
Who wants to see it done?
Okay, that'll be fun.
I hope the video wasn't bad tonight.
Like I said, there's no performance, but at the same time, I love it when the Holy Spirit shows up and shows us stuff.
I just go, 'Man, you look forward to what He's going to show next.
' Last time it was the corruption and the judges and all that.
And I'm like, 'Well, that's kind of like a lead balloon,' but what do you do with it?
I don't know if you got blessed by it or not.
They're saying UFOs.
Oh, that'd be kind of neat, but I love it when He shows me things.
It's neat.
I just say, 'Hey, Lord, it's a blessing.
' And if He never shows me anything again, He's still a good God.
And it was fun, wasn't it?
I always think, 'Man, if He wants to show me something again, maybe if He doesn't—' like I said, I never know.
I just keep praying.
He shows me things and it's neat when He does.
And I'm telling you, the warnings He's already given us, He's given us enough already you can pray about for a long time.
It's not like you go, 'Well, we're deprived.
We don't have nothing.
Lord, what are we going to do?
' Braden, work with what I give you.
Pray over here.
Father, we pray for every exposing of all the things in Cuba.
I thank you, Lord, that they will not touch America.
I know that there seems to be provoking, but there's a lot of drug trafficking and sex trafficking coming out of Cuba, Venezuela, and Mexico.
And the Lord said He's going to put an end to this.
And that's part of it.
Father, we call an end to it.
I call for Claudia to be removed.
Father, that they would put a good government in Mexico for the Mexican people.
That there'll be a good God-fearing government, and Claudia will have her day and she'll be removed just like this Maduro.
Thank you, Lord, that Claudia's day is coming just like Maduro's, and that you put a good government in soon over Mexico.
And we believe, Father, that there'll be great revival in Mexico from the top all the way around.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that over Mexico, over all of Venezuela and Cuba, over—where's the other place?
Right next to Venezuela.
Colombia.
Thank you, Lord, that you expose even Colombia's government, that they don't make no more coca plants making coke.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we need revival all throughout South America.
That's what we're expecting, Lord.
And we believe we receive it, that it would be such a major move of your presence on those people that, Father, they'll never be the same.
All we know is they just need one second.
Just one little glimpse of the glory.
One impartation of the glory on their lives and they'll never be the same again.
Just like me.
One touch from Jesus will change your life forever.
One word from God will change your life forever.
One word from God, one touch, one fresh drink.
That's the same over in Asia.
Father, you touch them, you bring in the fire over them, Father, that the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord would happen in South Korea and it would spread like wildfire all throughout all Asia in Jesus' name.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that China does not take Taiwan.
We put a bloodline around Taiwan in Jesus' name.
And we say to those spirits of communism and uprising over Taiwan: we take authority over you in Jesus' name.
We say you will not have Taiwan.
You will not bring it to corruption and communism.
China will not take it.
We will not allow it in the spirit realm.
We say, Xi Jinping, bow your knee in Jesus' name.
You go away.
Go back up there and even release your people.
Taiwan will not have a communistic government in Jesus' name.
They will be free and they will have a mighty move of the presence of God and they will continue to be free from communistic power like China in Jesus' mighty name.
Do you believe that?
Do you believe it?
I believe it.
We call protection over Taiwan today.
We call protection over Taiwan today in Jesus' name.
We call a freedom over Cuba today and over Costa Rica and all the areas down there.
Father, a major move of God on these nations over Africa and over—where were they genociding the people?
Nigeria.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the genocide stops of our brothers and sisters in Christ in Nigeria.
We call that down in Jesus' name.
We call that Muslim persecution to stop now in Jesus' name, the genocide and the onslaught of the people being murdered.
We say it stops now in the name of Jesus.
We call forth mighty warring angels to go on our behalf.
Father, we call them in right now in Jesus' name, that the angels of the Lord are going and protecting our brothers and sisters in Nigeria.
And we say the genocide in the Congo all the way around, we will not have it.
We'll not have it anymore.
And we say, "Angels of the Lord, war on our behalf right now in Jesus' name" over the African areas, all over those continents.
That Putin—that is really cool.
It was a very good guy.
That was really good.
You all had a good idea.
Thank you, Lord.
He's playing poker, five-card draw.
That's actually really cool, buddy.
I like it.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, that war stops in Ukraine.
They'll have peace in Jesus' name, from Kyiv all the way down.
We call for peace in Ukraine in Jesus' name.
We will not have a major draft.
We will not have a major war.
We won't have it.
We call peace.
Father, we don't want our sons and daughters losing their lives on the battlefield.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's peace in Jesus' name.
Father, I know there's people saying the red horse is riding right now, but I ask you to put a tranquilizer in that red horse's butt.
Knock it out, Lord.
We don't want it right now.
We want a revival.
We call forth revival.
We thank you, Lord, that will all happen when we're not here.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it happens during the Great Tribulation.
We're not expecting that right now.
We want revival, Father, over our nation in Jesus' name with the mighty move of the Holy Ghost and fire.
We believe, we receive in Jesus' name.
Great mighty presence of the Holy Ghost and revival over this nation, over Europe, over Canada.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this—now, I know I see that again.
Now, I just saw something.
See, you just kind of till the ground sometimes.
I saw British Columbia.
I saw the volcano going off.
It is about to happen.
I've seen it again right then.
It just came up and I saw the volcano going off.
And it's so much so that it comes up out of the ground.
And you'll see molten lava and smoke and fire coming up out of the water.
It looks like the water is just boiling.
It will send so much ash into the air that they'll have to stop the flights going around that area.
March is highlighted before me.
I see March.
March is big.
Now, what is this about March?
Greenland.
The green one.
Yep.
It's Greenland.
I see Greenland.
They're going to take a vote.
I see a voting of numbers concerning whether they want, as the people, to take a vote if they want to join America for batteries.
It's about minerals.
It's about iron.
There are deposits of enrichments in the soil.
That's what he's after.
It's for the batteries.
I see a pit.
You know, like whenever you're seeing a mining, I see a pit for mining.
There's something to do with this.
It's the mining and I see mining of enrichment and Trump's after that.
And he's going to try to—and I see big yellow trucks.
I see these big yellow trucks and they're full of this stuff.
But is it cobalt?
It's for the batteries.
Enrichment and minerals.
Enrichment of minerals.
I hear the thing: it's billions.
Enrichment and minerals.
It's in the land.
And this is what Trump's after.
It's not about national security.
It's about enriching America and making America great again.
You don't have enough to sustain yourself.
But it's a security risk.
Strong-arm to offer them more.
I see bribery and they're being stubborn.
The lady in his eyes.
Now, is it right for them to call it stubborn?
But that's what I see.
Watch.
I see March.
Praying about the month of March and it's cold.
And I see a dividing of the people.
Half want to go, half don't.
The younger generation want to go, the older don't.
You hear me?
The younger 20s and 30s want to go.
The 60s, 70s, and 80s don't.
So the younger TikTok generation says, "What?
We would love to be a part of America.
Bring all your stuff into our country.
" The elders say we don't want—I see these people like fish.
I see fish.
I see scaly fish.
It almost looks like sushi.
Older way of thinking.
A fishing industry.
But the younger generation—and they have enough if they vote this way.
It's almost like it's 50/50.
It weighs more in favor with the noes than the ayes.
Okay.
I see the younger.
There's not enough votes.
There's more with the noes than there is with the ayes.
So the noes weigh heavy on this half up here.
The ayes weigh in favor down closer.
But to extend.
Okay.
So I see Rubio.
I see Trump negotiating what kind of...
"you do this and we'll put this much money in your bank accounts.
" Stimulus, a percentage of the wealth.
"You do this and we will give you until you die so much, like a retirement account.
" Remember this.
It's like so much in your account.
I hear we do this with the Alaska stipends.
We do this with the oil wealth with Alaska giving the people money.
I hear this.
"We'll give you part of the money from your land until you're out and stimulate your bank account with what we do with Alaska.
" I see a plea with Greenland: "we'll give you so much money to stimulate your bank account," trying to sway the elders.
It's thousands of dollars every year.
But it's for the minerals.
It's to get them to come.
That's interesting.
You just put that on a shelf and pray about that.
I see this: the young people say, 'Yes, let's go.
' The elders say, 'No, not enough vote.
' But to sway them with stipends—I don't know how else to say it.
Am I even using that word right?
A stipend?
I see stipends being negotiated, kind of like Social Security.
You paid into it, but this is not like Social Security.
The only way I can describe it is what I hear happening: we will do what I hear Trump say—'We do it in Alaska, we will do it for you.
' It will help with the flow.
Isn't that interesting?
It was just as cold as a stove, and then all of a sudden I saw that and that was really neat.
I saw their flag joining up with our flag.
They still had their thing, and they joined up with our stuff, and it was starting to become part of America.
But there was so much resistance from the elders, the older people.
I don't see that they will do this; it's just chatter.
You're going to hear a lot of chatter concerning this, but I don't see that they're going to do this.
I see a lot of resistance from the elders, and there's too many of them versus the young.
It's enticing, though.
This is like $25,000 a year—big bucks for some to stimulate their household.
They could retire and go about their business.
In the vision, there were stipends.
It's to grow and entice the economy.
'We will bring our American stores to your shores because it's America.
' You understand?
They may already have this, folks.
This is what I see: a stimulation of life, more modernizing.
But they want to stay in their old ways of thinking; they don't want the modern.
In this, I see Europe influencing them to say no.
The EU says no.
I see Macron; he's big and loud, saying no.
The man over England says, 'No, we don't want this.
' France, Germany, and Italy are all the strongest voices.
This is like a strong-armed peace concerning Ukraine.
They are trying to use Greenland as a pawn piece to negotiate with Ukraine.
But the Greenland people don't have anything to say; there are so many corrupt people.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is what I see, but I don't understand how.
This is just me talking—don't throw eggs at me—but how would Macron have a say in how Greenland would be able to do this?
How does the EU tell Greenland not to?
I'm trying to understand this vision.
Macron is very loud, and Europe and England are very loud concerning this.
Finland...
there's so much going on with all these nations and the uprising.
It's all getting in line for the end.
But all he's after is minerals; I see big bucks in minerals.
It's something in the dirt—huge mining pits.
I don't know why I keep hearing 'cobalt.
' It's something in the ground.
He wants it for something they're going to do in America to back the dollar and make it stronger.
It's the oil from Venezuela and the minerals up here.
It's like playing Monopoly.
Soon it will be Cuba.
Remember this: soon he'll take Cuba.
It's too close to the USA.
He will set up a proxy government, all beneficial to the United States to grow and help.
It's like how BRICS has an alliance.
You strong-arm people into an alliance; it's like a bully in the schoolyard.
India, Brazil...
the BRICS are all part of it.
He wants to create his own BRICS to keep backing the dollar and make it king.
The dollar is too top-heavy with too much debt.
We need to get this to make America great and stabilize the dollar with oil, minerals, gold, silver, crypto, and the fishing industry.
You're about to see a major wealth transfer in Israel and the Mediterranean.
You'll hear more about this to back the United States being with Israel in Gaza.
It's gas rights, oil, and major wealth in Gaza.
You're going to hear about the development of Gaza and major money underneath the soil.
The Lord God Jehovah put that oil and gas underneath that ground.
Reserves beyond anyone's comprehension are under the land of Israel and the Mediterranean.
I see 2027 highlighted big concerning oil and gas.
We really need to pray for the elections, for the wealth transfer, and these things I'm telling you.
I see a major blip concerning November of this year; it could derail the whole thing.
We must pray concerning November.
They'll set up a major base in Venezuela—a major Air Force and Army base like they did in Iraq.
They've secured the oil wells.
I see our Army and our people securing the oil wells so they don't blow them up and destroy the economy.
Our men, maybe Marines, are protecting the oil wells of Venezuela from cartels.
Our Army guys with their guns are watching over the oil wells in their fatigues.
This is going to spring forth a major revival out of Venezuela.
It looks tropical and yellow, like new spring flowers starting to come forth.
There's much corruption still there in every layer of government, but it will start to be weeded out a little at a time.
They'll start to bring revival.
Trump's administration will never change everything; it's an ideology—the way you think and were raised.
It's like the Lord said: Egypt had to get out of them.
Israel was free, but they were still mentally bound by Egypt for 40 years.
Freedom is freedom, but you can be free like a bird in a cage and not be free inside if you're used to bondage.
Because of the bondage in leadership, they go back to this.
'You have a window for revival, church,' is what He just said to me.
You have a window of opportunity coming, but they will go back to this.
It is inbred with them.
Another man will rise up and be a dictator just like the last one.
It is the way they think.
They will have a group of people that want to fight for freedom, but I see it is a corrupt government.
It is corrupt.
So, I see a window of opportunity for blessing and for revival, and people will be excited.
You know what I'm saying?
It is a bad way of thinking—stinking thinking.
That is disappointing for them.
I pray they get a hold of this revival quickly.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for your time tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that you showed us what you did tonight.
I am so grateful, Father, every time you show me something.
Thank you, Lord, that what you show me, I see it so clearly in Jesus' name.
Well, that was different—a lot longer than people will be fussing; two hours and 40 minutes is way too long of a video.
But wait, watch the back half; it was my favorite part.
It is really cool.
I love it when I see in the Spirit.
I just go, 'Okay, Lord, that's cool.
' I like to look over there and see what is going to come.
He shows us that which is to come.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
Thank you for your time.
I know it is late.
God bless you all.
If you could like, subscribe, and click all the things you can to help me, it really does help my family.
It helps with the algorithm, and it really does bless us.
We are getting the gospel out one soul at a time, folks.
I know we have got a lot of work to do still, but every single time you show up, thank you for being here and praying with us.
It really truly blesses us.
I pray that video blessed you.
Like I said, the first half was really different, but that last couple of minutes there—how long did that last?
I was seeing over like that for about 20 minutes.
Isn't it amazing?
It is like touching a cold stove; I didn't see anything, and then all of a sudden, boom.
And I started seeing about Greenland.
I was like, 'What in the world is that?
' And then boom, boom, boom.
He starts showing me this.
He gives me pieces whenever he is ready.
So, God bless y'all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
We love you, and Jesus loves you.
We will see you again soon—probably tomorrow, more than likely.
God bless y'all.
Good night.
Bye-bye.